So, bro? What went
down with the wife?
Uh?! What do you mean?
You've been pulling
evasive maneuvers
to this very spot
left and right.
I figured you were evading
the ol' ball and chain.
No. We're just fine.
[KAMO]
Hm...?
[JIRO] I mean, Akari's certainly
acting like we are.
Hey, I know how to
take out this mofo.
Sweeping Cleaver Spell.
[JIRO]
Sleeping Cleavage?!
No! It's Sweeping Cleaver!
Sweeping Cleaver, you perv!
[SHIORI]
Uhh...
Oops, I might've bit off more
than a small Shiori can chew.
[NATSUMI]
Headed to the pickup site?
That's a ton of junk.
We'll help.
Ayo!
[SHIORI]
Oh my gosh, you guys saved me!
Thank you both so much!
No sweat, girl. Muscle mommy
Sachi's got this on lock.
Hey, you're helping too, skank.
But for real, I can't
believe somebody
would dump all this
crap on one person.
Well, I wasn't super busy,
so I might've kinda volunteered.
[NATSUMI]
Nice guys finish last, homie.
Yo, Slouchy! C'mere.
She means you.
She means you!
--Otakus go first.
--[JIRO] That's still you!
You're both Slouchy! Lost on
your way to Notre Dame?
There's a damsel in distress
so come to the rescue, nerds.
[gasps]
Uh! Shiori?
[JIRO]
This is just great.
[KAMO laughing]
Could two hunchbacks really be
of service to you fine females?
Duh, of course you can!
We're relying on you, man!
[laughs] I've found my purpose!
Takin' out the trash!
I devote my life to trash!
I seriously worry
for his future.
What's that?
Kick your ass into freakin'
gear, Mister Akari.
Right!
Okay gang, how
should we split up?
The two of us can
get three bags,
I'll get one, and Glasses
McGee will get two.
Right!
Dope. I should be able to
handle the two over there.
That just leaves the big one for
Slouchy and Sakurazaka to grab.
Uh, can I be with you, Takimiya?
That might be best.
[JIRO grunts]
[JIRO groans]
What's up? Got the runs?
You locked and loaded or have
you blasted your britches?
[JIRO]
Heart not colon.
Eh?
Totes my b, who would
wanna pair up with a dude
for nasty trash duty?
You can be with me, Sis.
Uh?
Okay. Thanks a bunch.
Uh...
Dayum! This new flavor
is like totally bomb!
[SACHI, NATSUMI]
Hells yeah!
[SACHI]
Yum to the max, huh?
[NATSUMI]
Ten outta ten, baby.
Uh...
[BOTH]
Hey, so...
[AKARI]
Uh? Huh...?
My question is a longy,
so you can fire first.
Not to be a major downer, but
mine isn't, like, light convo,
you feel me? So...
Bet my boobs my
question's way heavier.
As if, I'm serious for real.
Rock-paper-scissors it!
[SACHI, NATSUMI]
Rock, paper, scissors ,shoot!
[AKARI, NATSUMI]
So?
Well, uh...
[AKARI]
Sup?
Shoot straight.
You've gotta tell us what's
going on with Yakuin.
You avoid talking about
him like the plague.
But not cause you hate him. You
feel someway about him, yeah?
For real? Well, I... I mean...
[SACHI]
Worse than I thought.
She's not even
denying it anymore.
C'mon girl. Besties,
yeah? Talk to us.
It hurts to see you on
the struggle bus like this.
Let's address the
Minami sitch first.
Just seeing his name
on the class roster
used to make you totally flip.
Used to, but now he's
hitting it off with Sakurazaka.
Like, I'm not trying to
get in the way of all that.
In the way of what?
Please, everybody's just trying
to look good for the practical.
Whatevs.
Also, please don't think we're
trying to steer you away
from virgy-wirgy, you got me?
We just don't want you
to get swept up
in the mood of this
practical jazz.
Yeah, like, who knows,
Yakuin might've acted
the same way regardless of
who he was paired up with.
Give it some thought
before you dive in.
He'd act the same regardless.
You're right.
[NATSUMI]
Akari! Get hype right meow!
There're literally zero
reasons to be sad, yeah?
Tenjin and virgy are far from
the only fish in the sea.
[laughs] No doy, you've
got a point about that!
[AKARI]
Deuces! I'll see you soon!
We'll see you soon, ho!
Yo, virgy-wirgy and Sakurazaka,
the two of them
aren't like officially
dating or anything are they?
I don't know, but something
definitely went down
between them.
I don't think Akari's noticed
Sakurazaka likes him.
And like, what are
we supposed to say
if she decides she really wants
to date that virgin dweeb?
Easy, we'd say congrats.
If she likes him, she
shouldn't abandon ship
just cause there's another girl.
Whatever she does,
I hope she does it
with her own feelings in mind.
When she's not worried
about everybody else,
I wonder how she really feels.
[NATSUMI]
Same.
[SACHI] What she needs is
a big, decisive moment
that makes her realize
her true feelings.
I wish we could
help her find that.
I mean, there's gotta
be something.
[BOTH]
Jackpot!
[AKARI]
Dumb dumb, it's way too loose!
It should be so tight that
you can only fit a
finger under the bow.
So, man up and pull it as
hard as you can, dweeb.
Yeah, real easy for you to say.
What a virg.
What does that
have to do with this?
I don't care, and I
just don't get why you
felt the need to wear a yukata.
Duh. Minami's gonna be
there and I'm not gonna
pull up looking the
same as I always do.
[JIRO grumbles]
Even if he's there,
you'd be lucky to see him
for more than a second.
Precisely why chicks never
get a second to chill.
[JIRO] All she ever does
around me is chill.
Probably because she
doesn't see me as a real man.
If she did, she wouldn't
be so exposed around me,
like with the bra
and panty crap.
If I untied this bow,
I'd get a face full of booty.
Does she realize that?
[AKARI]
Look and tell me which is cuter.
[JIRO gasps, whistles]
[AKARI]
Why the weirdness, weirdo?
What? No weirdness here.
Then why won't you
look me in the eye?
No comment on that one, pal.
Quit goofing around and help!
My love life depends on
this fit, dude! Next step.
Which one do you dig?
And you can't say all of them.
Huh? I don't know
about stuff like this.
Maybe this ribbon-looking one?
Huh? That's so babyish!
Anything but that please!
Why'd you even ask me, then?
[AKARI] Forgot you have
the taste of a 12-year-old.
Minami likes mature stuff.
Yo! Found the winner.
This, please!
[JIRO] Yes, my liege,
your wish is my command.
Why am I doing this again?
Huh? Baby jealous?
[grunts] Not at all!
Gag me with a spoon.
You're such a brat, dude.
Well, we'll see who's jealous
when you're watching
the fireworks alone
from your window.
And while you're
polishing your V-card,
Minami and I will be
getting in the mood.
Now tie me.
Oh, and if you get sad and
lonely, don't bother calling.
I'll be busy with
Minami, like, obvi.
[JIRO]
I'm the brat?
Ah, I'm pretty sure that I'm
past the hardest part now.
All that's left is to tuck
in the end pieces.
I'll turn it around to
your front, so you--
[AKARI]
Nah, you finish it off.
Huh?
What's so confusing, dude?
[sighs] Nothing.
Suck in your stomach
so I can get under there.
Wow, never tell a
girl to suck in.
[JIRO]
Fine, then excuse my hands.
[AKARI]
What's the big whoop?
[JIRO]
You know what the big whoop is!
This fabric is so thin
I can feel everything.
Her body is soft yet so tiny
it feels like it could snap.
Damn it! Am I the only
one affected by this?
I'm pathetic.
[panting]
Tell me. Is it too tight?
[AKARI] No, it's perfect.
Thank you, Jiro.
♪
[NATSUMI]
Akari, you look adorbs!
[SACHI] Forget lucky panties,
you've got the lucky yukata!
Totally gorg! You genius, you.
Light blue was
so the right choice!
[AKARI]
Aw, thanks.
You're killing it in the pink
by the way, Natsumi.
Ah! You give the best
compliments, ever! Love ya!
[SACHI]
You told me that! Well?
Oh, that's right. Love ya!
Tenjin and the other guys should
get here any minute now, so...
Wait, what other guys?
Like Terafune?
Yeah.
And just so you know,
everybody except Minami is
already in on the plan.
We're like the best, huh?
Hold up! You guys told them?
That's embarrassing, yo!
[NATSUMI] Oh, chillax, it's no
secret that you've been totally
drooling over him
for a while now.
[SACHI]
True that.
That's why other dudes
don't try to get with you.
[AKARI]
Wait, for real?
Don't stress
about tonight, okay?
Even a teeny progress
would be a fat win.
There's no need to get freaked!
Your girls are
right here with you,
and you look fab in your yukata!
[SACHI] No, doy, she does!
Own it, girly pop!
[AKARI]
My yukata...
The very same yukata
Jiro dressed me in,
is the one that
I'm going to show off
to Minami
later tonight.
What happens if I fall
even further for Minami,
and spend every day
obsessing about him
like I did before?
Will I still be able to pull off
married life with Jiro?
Maybe it would help me cheer
him on in his own pursuits.
Thanks guys. I'm gonna
give it my very best!
[BOTH laugh]
How goes it, ladies?
[NATSUMI]
Wait a sec. Where's Minami at?
[ALL gasp]
[BOYS]
We're really sorry!
Huh? Sorry for what?
Explain yourselves.
[TERAFUNE]
Well, he told us his job called
and asked him to come in.
Uh...
[TERAFUNE] The festival brought
in a ton of customers.
He's too nice to tell them no.
Wasn't a chance
I could stop him.
[SACHI]
If Tenjin isn't gonna show up,
there's no freakin' point!
[TERAFUNE]
I get it. Sorry.
Garbo. Forget about me setting
you up with any sexy mamas.
[BOYS]
Please, forgive us!
I, uh, I'm real sorry.
It's all good! I should
be the one saying sorry.
You're in this mess cause of me.
But still, I feel bad
I couldn't deliver.
Want a snack? Or, uh,
maybe we could look around?
Get your happy ass movin'.
Dude. You're choking me.
Get three yakisoba
and two takoyaki.
Hell, and some candied apples.
Then I guess we can
call it even, capeesh?
A charitable goddess!
We are unfit for your grace!
[WAJIRO] At 7:30 PM,
Terafune was arrested
for hitting on a chick
way out of his league.
[TAKESHITA] We will now begin
the interrogation.
[TERAFUNE]
Screw you guys!
Whoa. Looks like Terafune
has a crushy-wushy.
We're sorry, Akari.
We said we'd get you
the perfect shot,
but that crap
crashed and burned.
It's okay. Thank you
for trying so hard.
Do you think we can
force the boys
to get us extra dessert still?
Hells yeah. Let's find
those tools. Wait right here.
No rush!
[AKARI] I wore this outfit
for Minami to see me in.
Plus, I spent literal years
doing my hair and makeup
so I could look as
good as possible.
I thought this was
gonna be my big chance.
Like, if I saw him
in this context,
something would
magically change.
So why the heck did I feel
relieved when they told us
he couldn't make it?
I don't understand.
I'm in love with Minami.
I wanna be able to chase
after him like I used to.
And Jiro's wife can just be
a role that I play sometimes.
I, like, say that's
what I want, but...
It's still scary to me.
Even though I'm neither
of their number one,
if I take action, things will
never be just like this again.
[TERAFUNE gasping]
Come on, man. Just give
this crap up already.
No way!
I remember Watanabe
saying that she likes fish.
I'm pretty sure she meant
she likes fish to eat.
[gasps] Get a grip! I can't get
all discouraged just yet.
I've gotta do my best for my
friends that are cheering me on!
Ooo, thought! I'll stop
by his work in my fit!
[WOMAN A]
Get a look at that guy!
[STUDENT A]
Whoa, he's crazy hot!
Like a movie star!
[STUDENT A] It's too bad
he's here with his girlfriend.
[AKARI] Minami? But he
said he was working.
[AKARI gasping]
[TERAFUNE]
Ugh. Maybe I should bow out
now while I still have
my dignity and all.
But why? I've tried so hard.
[SACHI]
We're back, Akari!
And we come bearing
baby castella cakes!
Babes? You look a
little depressed mode.
Uh, oh. Sorry, it's just that...
That I think I tied
my yukata too tight.
[SACHI]
That's ouch.
[NATSUMI] You should
go home if you feel sicky.
Minami ditched,
so can you! Yeah?
But don't freak.
We'll find you another
chance with the dude!
[AKARI]
Thank you.
[MINAMI] That crowd was intense.
It might've been smart
to go down a different
street. Sorry.
That's okay. The speediest
route to the grocery store
is almost always through
the shrine grounds.
We'll have to split up,
my work is that way.
Listen, I'm sorry you're
doing the shopping alone.
How about I go and pick up
the heavier stuff tomorrow?
Don't worry! You can
leave it all to me!
We're a married couple,
ya goober!
We have to do our best
to help each other out!
Plus, work is important
and could affect your
college references.
Thanks a lot. You're saving me.
Be super-duper safe!
That festival looked nice.
I wonder if Jiro was
somewhere in the crowd.
[JIRO sneezes]
Oh, jeez.
Did the hot bath murk me?
And while you're
polishing your V-card,
Minami and I will
be getting in mood.
According to her, they should be
getting in the mood about now.
Congrats.
But what exactly are they
getting in the mood for?
A kiss? Maybe...
[JIRO] Holding each other,
hugging, kissing...
We do all that, but if
she does it with him,
will that mean they're a couple?
Then what would happen to me?
If we change partners,
I won't be her husband
anymore. Making me...
Just a friend?
No, I'd be back
to classmate status.
I've been spending
all my days with her,
but without the practical
keeping us together,
will we have anything left?
Even if she and Tenjin
do that stuff,
I'll always know she
did it with me first.
[gasps] No, bad brain!
Don't you dare think that nasty,
woman-hate-y crap to me!
[phone vibrates]
Great, who wants to talk
to the abomination?
Huh? I can answer, right?
I'm not the one calling, so...
Hello?
Hey, Akari, you there?
--[AKARI sniffling]
--[JIRO grunts]
[AKARI crying]
Jiro...
[JIRO]
What's wrong?
[AKARI]
I knew it. This was, like...
[AKARI sobbing]
[JIRO]
Hey, where are you right now?
Tell me. Please. I'm coming.
[AKARI]
Jiro, I'm so sorry...
Jiro!
[JIRO]
Okay, screw it, I'll sprint!
Just tell me where you're at!
Uh? Did she hang up on me?
Not cool, dude!
You better answer, come on!
[JIRO]
Please, pick up!
[phone ringing]
Akari...
Sorry. I just needed
to come back home.
And after you spent so much
time tying my yukata...
I'm really sorry!
I blew it. Everybody worked
their butts off for me,
and I... I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, okay?
You're home.
[JIRO]
Welcome back, Akari.
[wails]
[AKARI sobs]
Happy to be here, Jiro...
You know what?
Natsumi and Sachi hyping up
my yukata was uber sweet.
It made this get up worth.
But doesn't the obi
make it hard to breathe?
You're at home now,
just take it off.
You creep. Harassment, much?
You know perfectly well
I didn't mean it like that!
So, do you think
I look cute, too?
You should, this is your
handiwork after all.
[JIRO] I still think
the big ribbon look
would've suited you better.
Does somebody feel
embarrassed again?
Pouty baby's out to play.
You're totally jealous,
aren't you?
I don't know.
[gasps]
[JIRO]
Uh? Hey, what are you doing?
[AKARI]
Give me your hand.
Wait. Huh? I... I, uh...
[AKARI]
Do it.
[JIRO]
Um, do what?
[AKARI]
Do the big ribbon style.
If that's what
you think is best.
Right, then...
[AKARI grunting]
[AKARI]
Almost done back there?
They're gonna run out of
fireworks soon, butterfingers.
[JIRO]
Hush, I'm trying.
It's just my second
time doing this.
Uh-oh.
You boob! Bungle it?
No, this is hard.
I don't get what the hell I'm
supposed to after this step.
[AKARI] I think there's a
video version, too. Gimme.
[JIRO]
Huh?
[AKARI gasps]
Close call!
[JIRO gasps]
This... This was... Oops.
Uh. Dude, what's that about?
Hey, Jiro? Stay right there
and say my name.
Uh?
Please, just call me by my name.
If you do, I think I'll
be able to keep trying.
[AKARI] Sometimes my confidence
starts to bottom out.
[JIRO]
Akari.
[AKARI gasps]
Again.
[JIRO]
Akari.
Again.
[BOTH gasp]
Whoa, cute! That's sick.
Yeah, dang. Is it supposed
to be a peach or something?
[AKARI]
You nerd. It's a heart, duh!
It's just upside down.
[JIRO]
Oh. Ohhh!
[AKARI]
Jiro?
Thank you.
I'm grateful you didn't ask
about what happened today.
Well, we're married.
We should help,
no questions asked.
[JIRO] The reason I didn't ask
is cause I didn't want to know.
Of course I'm rooting
for her and Tenjin. So...
[AKARI]
Yo, another upside-down one.
[JIRO] When I heard her
crying through the phone...
When I realized she
had come home...
Why did I feel relieved?
[JIRO] Maybe this one didn't
work out the way you wanted,
but there'll be more
firework festivals this year
and the year after that.
Yeah. Those'll be better.
[JIRO]
When you think of marriage,
you think of a
lifetime together.
But not for us.
When this festival rolls
around next year,
we won't be married anymore.
This firework show
from the balcony
might be our first
and last together.
[SACHI] FYI, I had a yukata
ready in case I was feeling it.
[NATSUMI] That looks, like,
surprisingly good!
[SACHI]
What's so "surprising" about it?
[WAJIRO, TAKESHITA]
Hot! Breath takingly hot!
[NATSUMI] Snooze you lose!
We're wrapping this shiz!
[SHIORI] Uh, really quick--
I actually had one, too!
[WAJIRO, TAKESHITA]
Cute! Heart meltingly cute!
[SHIORI] Next time, "An
Entreaty, but No Reassurance."